Come back, I'll move to the bridal chamber
Wang Jing
Wang Jing, hurry up and kill the chicken brother to get some good dishes.
Let me have a drink today
Brother and sister-in-law are back at their parents' house
When should we eat them?
Uh, two or three hours ago
Just when you had tea with your seniors
He's gone, who's cooking for us?
How do you treat seniors?
It's done, drag it away
Li Xiaolin was driven into the mountains
As long as the seniors stay in our house
Li Xiaolin did not dare to return to the village
Wait until the tea picking season is over?
Leave him all the bald branches on the mountain
Ahahahaha
Great, so you Mingyue is mine too
What else do you do as a partner?
I have to go to Tao Kun's house
What do you want to eat?
An unhappy person can beat him to relieve his boredom
Oh yeah
You go first, I go first, you go first
I'll buy it with the money later.
All right
Then hurry up, hey, okay, go, okay, okay?
Hurry up, okay?